as we mentioned in the section when we were building that CLI application note actually
includes a stand alone module called Rebel that makes building command line APS very,
very easy.
We chose not to use it in that section because I wanted to show how read line and console
log and could be used instead.
But in this lecture will go over rappel and you'll see how easy it is to implement a CLI.
So I'm going to create a new file touch miscellaneous slash rep O r e p l dot Js Inside
this file,
I'm going to say that this is a example Ripple server.
Take in the word phase and log out Buzz.
We're just gonna have one dependency.
Raffle equals require rebel to remind you,
rappel equals read evil print loop.
The rebel in node is what you get when you start up node with just the node command.
So we're in the node rectal right now and we can say things like far food equals one food
Times two and we'll see to that's built into node.
And this rebel module exposes all the low level AP,
I said allow you to build your own rebel instead.
So we worked for It's going to have to start the rifle and we'll do that by calling Ripple
.
Start with the start command.
We're actually going to pass it an object,
and this object is going to be fairly complex.
Is going to contain everything that we need to configure the application.
We're going to say that the prompt is going to equal in our case,
a greater than sign,
just like the read line module.
You can configure whatever prompt simple you want.
We're going to say that evil and then this is the evaluation function for incoming inputs.
So any input that comes in is automatically gonna get passed to this evil function.
It's going to equal and anonymous function that takes in the string.
We're just gonna know that this is evaluation function.
And then with that string,
it can do whatever we want for our case.
We just want to lock out that we are at the evaluation stage and that we received strength
next if the user said fizz se buzz back to them.
And that's a simple as checking if the string includes fist.
So if the index of phase is greater than negative one.
We're gonna log out Buzz.
So I'm just going to start up this reptile now.
Node miscellaneous,
rappel dot Js You can see what brought to a command prompt.
If I write in a bunch of random strings,
we get to the evaluation stage and we see that,
but nothing else happens Now I can write something else.
I can write fizz,
and we can see it got to the evaluation stage.
It knew we wrote phase,
and then it wrote the word buzz back to me because this logic got called.
As you can see,
a whole bunch of thes scaffolding that we had to write when we were using the re line
function doesn't need to be included.
If you're using rappel instead,
telling it to prompt again after it has evaluated the strings doesn't need to happen.
Creating your own wiring toe.
Pass the incoming lines to an evaluation function.
It doesn't need to happen.
You can divine your evaluation function right here.
This is just in many ways easier to use,
and there are a whole bunch of other built in parts to rappel that makes building a command
line application even easier.
So with that,
we can kill this app and move onto the next lecture